# 10 May 2021, v2.2.0

## v2.2.0

{% embed url="https://github.com/GhostManager/Ghostwriter/releases/tag/v2.2.0" %}

This release is the final version of v2.2.0 following feedback from v2.2.0-rc1.

### New Features

* **From RC1:** Added new `filter_type` filter to report templates \(submitted by @5il with PR \#152\).
* Introduced the new `ReportData` serializer. This is nearly invisible to users but is a huge efficiency and performance upgrade for the back-end. Changes to project data models will now automatically appear in the raw JSON reports and be accessible within DOCX reports.
* The new serializer has modified some of the Jinja2 template expressions. View a JSON report to see everything available. For example, instead of writing `{{ project_codename }}`, you will access this project value with `{{ project.codename }}`.
* Ghostwriter now handles dates differently to better support all international date formats. Dates displayed in the interface and dates within reports \(e.g., `report_date`\) will match the date locale set in your server settings \(`en-us` by default\).

### Fixed

* **From RC1:** Updated broken POC contact edit URL on the client details page.
* **From RC1:** Project assignment dates will no longer be improperly adjusted on updates.
* **From RC1:** Template linter context now has entries for new RichText objects.
* **From RC1:** Adjusted HTML parser to account for the possibility for empty fields following an update from one of the older versions of Ghostwriter  \(submitted by @Abstract-9 with PR \#158\).
* **From RC1:** Adjusted Dockerfile files to fix potential filesystem issues with the latest Alpine Linux image \(submitted by @studebacon with PR \#143\).
* Added a missing field in the Report Template admin panel.
* "Add to Report" on the finding details page now works.
* Updated delete actions for operation logs to avoid an error that could prevent the deletion of entries when deleting an entire log.
* Domain age calculations are now accurate.
* An invalid value for domain purchase date no longer causes a server error during validation.
* Constrained `Twisted` library to v20.3.0 to fix a potential issue that could come up with Django Channels
  * [https://github.com/django/channels/issues/1639](https://github.com/django/channels/issues/1639)
* Improved the reporting engine to handle even the wildest nested styling.

### Changed

* Adjusted finding severity lists to sort by the severity's weight instead of alphabetically.
* Re-enabled evidence uploads in all WYSIWYG editors \(it was previously excluded from certain finding fields\).
* Adjusted sidebar organization to improve visibility of a few sections that could be difficult to locate.
* Updated BootStrap and FontAwesome CSS versions.
* Updated all Python libraries to their latest versions.
* Animated the hamburger menus for fun.
* Switched ASGI servers \(from Daphne server to Uvicorn\) for WebSockets and better performance.
* Updated the sample _template.docx_ to act as a walkthrough for the new report data and changes in Jinja2 expressions.

